lN'PRODUCTION. xxxv

no difficulty ebout. so far ns this I edmit: he hae proved cleerly =

enough thet there ere very menifeet differencee between the mutter end
the style ot' the ten Satires which he ossigne to Juvenal, sud the five
which he hes hondled so unmercifully. These five Satires are merred
by grent feults, and oontein compemtively few good lines. They ere
indeed ieeble compositione ss estires, when compared with the vigorous
work of the earlier pieces, the best of which are perhaps those which
cannot be need with young men. Is sny Satire of tho five is ιο ιο
excepted from this genenel condemnation, it is the thirteenth3 but many
purte even of thet Setire ore open to just censure. As to the samone
tenth, if we do not except to the matter, we moy ollow that there is
some merit in the manner in which the subjectis treeted; but even is
this admission is mode, it is still nothing more then a fiothy dodema-
tion. Both the metterond the style of the tenth form e striking contraet
to another Satire, the third, which is justly admired. Itis a living
picture.

The question then is, whether the mmo man wrote or could write sll
these Satires, s question which Ribbeck answers by sfiirming that he
could not; and he lebours hard to prove his assertion. But it isim·
possible to sny what a man may do in the way of writing, for thesemo
men heve written wise books and soolish books, bad poetry ond good
poetry. The same difficulty existe es to some of Cicero’s orations,
which ore so bed thet some excellent critice meintein thet Cicero
could not heve written them ; but on the other hond there ere critice,
both old and new, who admire the-spurious orations, and think they ore
very fine.

Ae to the sixteenth Satire, which is manifestly ο fragment, it ie
admitted by Ribbeck thot this may be o. piece of the true Juvenal's
work.

In e second chapter Ribbeck discusses the interpolatione in the ten
Satires. His hypothesis, he snys, ebout the five Declamations would

fere bodly, ii we accepted the ten Satires in their present sorm as the ι

genuine work of Juvenal; for sll the fioults which have led him to
reject the five Declamations, are found here and there in the ten
Satires; ond these bite of petchwork resemble eo much the whole texture
of the five Declamations, that if we ellow them to stend where they
ere, we must odmit thet the poet could exhibit in the seme Setire the
skill of e mester and the stupidity of e bungler. However, there ie no
necessity, he says, for thie admissiom for the ten Satires are dis·
figured by interpoletions which bove been remerhed on by many recent ν
critics; end indeed nobody who hae rend Juvenal with eny cere will
deny that there ere interpolated verses. Ribbeck hes only increesed the
number of them. There ere two long pesseges, which Ribbeck assumes

 

